[Music]
Ziggs royal family rules Meghan Markel
has already broken
Meghan Markel story is like a fairy tale
come true
ever since she stepped into the
spotlight she's been the world's darling
and is a trendsetter for fashion style
and humanitarian causes but the Duchess
of Sussex her official title isn't just
a goody two-shoes part of her charm is
that she's a bit of a rebel don't you
agree
even though her time as an official
member of the British royal family has
been relatively short
she's already shaking things up and she
doesn't follow the many rules that go
with being part of British royalty keep
watching to learn how she breaks the
rules and you'll also learn about three
rules she does follow but first don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to be one of the
first bright ciders to watch our videos
number one no sleeveless blouses
according to the British newspaper the
Sun part of British royal protocol is
that royal women shouldn't wear off the
shoulder or other revealing styles in
June of this year
Meghan step out at Queen Elizabeth's
trooping of the colour ceremony in a
pretty pink ensemble unfortunately the
outfit caused quite a stir because it
was an off-the-shoulder number Meghan is
also known to wear sleeveless outfits
that are appropriate for summer but
there's always slight controversy when
she decides to bare her shoulders this
controversy is a bit strange since Kate
Middleton and even Queen Elizabeth
herself in her younger years have been
seen with outfits that reveal their
shoulders number to her wedding so many
elements of Meghan Marko's wedding were
groundbreaking and rule-breaking
the wedding was praised for its show of
racial diversity with an American
preacher delivering a sermon a black
gospel choir and the bride herself who
is a mixed-race Meghan also made a
groundbreaking feminist statement by
walking the first part of the aisle
alone what says strong independent woman
more than walking alone in high heels in
your wedding dress with the whole world
watching she and Prince Harry also broke
tradition when it came to the wedding
cake the traditional wedding cake has
been a fruit cake since the times of
Queen Victoria and Prince Albert
fruitcake was considered a symbol of
wealth since it required costly
ingredients instead they went for a
beautiful lemon
elderflower cake ordered from a chef who
shares Megan's values for food
sustainability number three neat hair
royal protocol must be followed from
head to toe and that includes hair it
dictates that hair should be sleek and
neat Kate Middleton's hair usually
doesn't have a strand out of place but
megan has been seen wearing more
laid-back looks like those you have when
you step out of bed the messy bun
hairstyle is a no-fuss look for when you
need to do your hair quickly and get out
of the house megan has worn this look on
several occasions including a visit to
Northern Ireland and a visit to Cardiff
castle in Wales of course as soon as she
did so the press had to report it some
love it and some hate it but Megan Marco
won't be restricted when it comes to her
hair number four pantyhose
Megan Marco must always wear stockings
it's a royal rule dictated by the Queen
herself that the women of the British
royal family must wear nude pantyhose
when wearing skirts or dresses but Megan
sometimes likes to go by her own rules
pantyhose can be awkward and
uncomfortable so maybe that's why she
sometimes prefers to let her legs be
free when announcing her engagement to
Prince Harry
Megan step out for a photo shoot without
pantyhose and the press went wild it
might seem over the top to be so crazy
about pantyhose but since every female
member of the royal family wears them a
deviation is bound to cause controversy
Megan didn't grow up in an era when
pantyhose were considered necessary to
look dignified so maybe she just needs a
little bit of time to get used to the
idea
lately she has been seen wearing
pantyhose to almost all events number
five no short skirts or plunging
necklines before meeting Prince Harry
Megan embraced the short skirt look
wearing them to all manner of events as
a royal you're not supposed to show too
much of your legs but sometimes you need
to let your legs breathe right in
addition to this restriction necklines
need to be modest the character Megan
played for the TV series suits would
often wear plunging necklines she has
worn less revealing clothing
since coming into the British spotlight
but when it comes to skirts and
necklines
she likes to bend the rules a little
she's been seen in low-cut dresses which
she usually wears with Blazers to cover
herself up a little she often wears
modest miniskirts but she has also been
seen in shorter skirts that sit above
the knee
number 6 no PDA this isn't exactly royal
protocol but the royal family tends to
follow Queen Elizabeth's example when it
comes to public displays of affection
Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip
believed that they are at work went out
in public and should therefore conduct
themselves professionally maybe it's
just that Megan and Harry can't get
enough of each other because they often
hold hands when in public she often
holds on to his arm or you might see
them walking arm-in-arm
Prince Harry has been caught whispering
in her ear on several occasions
let's swoon and imagine he's whispering
something romantic
to her credit megan has also made some
very big changes to her life since
joining the royal family here are some
of the rules she does follow number one
no social media like millions of people
around the world
Megan used social media like Facebook
Twitter and Instagram
according to the BBC she had over 2
million followers across those platforms
in 2017
she'd post pictures of her travels her
dog's social events and plenty of
selfies but before her wedding to Prince
Harry in May 2018
Megan closed all her social media
accounts to follow royal protocol do you
think you'd be able to stay away from
social media forever this was probably
not an easy decision for her
a representative from Kensington Palace
expressed Megan Markos gratitude to all
the people who had followed her social
media accounts and explained her
decision to close them so don't expect
to see her tweeting anymore all official
Twitter communications with regards to
Megan Markel her husband protaras the
Duke of Cambridge and the Duchess of
Cambridge come from the Kensington
Palace Twitter account number two no
politics
according to the official website for
the royal family as head of state the
Queen has to remain strictly neutral
with respect to political matters as
such she is unable to vote or run for
office at any point
this rule extends to her family
including Megan Marco before marrying
into British royalty she was politically
outspoken posting about her opinions on
social media
he now deleted Instagram posts she was
seen with President Barack Obama and
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
but now she's very good about staying
out of politics and controversial
matters she might have to keep her
political opinions to herself but she
remains an avid supporter of charities
and other humanitarian causes and
advocates for feminism when she gets the
chance number three no shellfish you
won't see Megan feasting on a dish of
all-you-can-eat shrimp but that does
sound really tasty does avoiding
shellfish for the rest of your life
sound like torture to you there's a good
reason behind this rule the Royals avoid
shellfish to prevent cases of food
poisoning the Duchess of Sussex probably
wouldn't be able to conduct her many
important royal duties while fighting
off food poisoning other things to watch
out for are tap water in other countries
and raw meat another forbidden food item
is garlic not because of food poisoning
but because of the smell since members
of the royal family are always attending
public events and talking to people they
want to avoid awkward situations of
having bad breath and what says unroyal
more than bad breath right but rest easy
Megan must only follow these rules when
she's conducting official Royal business
if she's on vacation she can devour all
the shellfish and garlic she wants what
do you think about these rules share
this with your friends who adore Megan
Markel and tell us which rules you
absolutely need to break if you were
part of the royal family let us know in
the comment section and don't forget to
click Subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life